# Links

Links define how palettes and lists are connected to each other. Palettes can link to other palettes or to lists, while lists can only link to other lists. Links can be created using the `link`, `fallbackLink`, `forceLink`, and `shortcuts` properties in the palette and list files.

## Link Resolution

When an item is clicked, the link is resolved with the following priorities:

1. If the clicked item has a direct link (`link` property), that link is followed.
2. If the current palette has a forced link (`forceLink` property), that link is followed.
3. If the clicked item is a valid container and can be opened, the container page is shown (unless shulkers are not enabled).
4. If there are linked palettes that share the same item, the next palette in the list is shown.
5. If the clicked item is linked to a list, the list is shown.
6. If the current palette has a fallback link (`fallbackLink` property), that link is followed.

In cases none of the above apply, nothing happens.

## Auto-Linking

Palette links try to set themselves up by connecting the same item between different palettes, while taking into account the `openOnlyItems`, `ignoreItems`, and `disableAutoLink` properties.

## Shortcut Links

Shortcut links are created using the `shortcuts` property in palette files. These shortcuts are displayed on the left side of the palette and link to the specified target palette or list. They can be activated with a simple click.

## Item Links

Items can link to other palettes or lists when the secondary click is used, except when the `actAsLink` property is enabled. In that case, the item acts as a link/shortcut to another palette or list with a primary click, instead of selecting the item.
